I can't afford it, dad, mom and dad still have to take care of grandpa,
I can't go with you.
God system, no more,
May there be a clan of comrades,
If you become a ghost, don't come to me to seek your sorrow.
Then don't come, I'll take some pictures for you.
Be careful, it'll be okay,
Children, the story shop is alive,
It’s because they didn’t name you and said you were too young to be a storyteller’s child.
Don't go to the main road. This child cannot be aborted.
We are here early,
I still want to leave here,
Friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends, friends companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion, companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion companion